Add Marconi runtime view in documentation (#227)
input-output-hk/marconi: doc/read-the-docs-site/architecture/runtime-view.rst

      Component(transformer, "Transformer", "Haskell component", "Applies some function to the incoming ProcessedInput and forwards them to the indexer")
      Component(indexer, "Indexer", "Haskell thread", "Indexes the relevant parts of the ProcessedInput to some storage")
      ContainerDb(marconiDb, "Marconi storage", "Storage backend of the indexer")
    }

    Rel(datasource, sourceReader, "sends some input data")
    Rel(sourceReader, preprocessor, "sends '[ProcessedInput]'")
    Rel(preprocessor, transformer, "sends preprocessed '[ProcessedInput]'")
    Rel(transformer, indexer, "forwards each 'ProcessedInput'")
    Rel(indexer, marconiDb, "stores events in the indexer storage")

The input source reader provides an interface to fetch data from any datasource: a local Cardano node, Ogmios, cardano-db-sync, etc.
However, the input data needs to be mapped to a ``ProcessedInput``.
The ``ProcessedInput`` is sent to the preprocessor which applies some preprocessing function on the inputs.
The preprocessed inputs are sent to the transformer which also transforms the inputs, and sends them to the indexer.
Finally, the indexer will index them to it's storage backend.

.. note::

>   See the explanation of the `marconi-core` components in order to understand concepts like ``Preprocessor``,  ``Transformer``, ``Indexer``, etc..

Reviewer: I realize that this isn't merged yet, would be good to provide a link after it is

As an example of an input source reader, here is a runtime view of a Cardano node source reader.

.. uml::

    !include <C4/C4_Dynamic>
    title Cardano node source reader runtime view

    ContainerDb(blockchain, "Blockchain")
    Container_Ext(cardanoNode, "Local Cardano node")

    Container_Boundary(marconiContainer, "Marconi application") {
      Component(sourceReader, "Local node source reader", "Haskell component", "Module that processes data from the local node and transforms it to a [ProcessedInput]")
    }

    Rel(blockchain, cardanoNode, "sends blocks to")
    Rel(cardanoNode, sourceReader, "sends chain-sync event")

The local Cardano node constructs a local state of the Cardano blockchain by fetching blocks from its peers and storing it on disk.
Then, node clients can request for blocks by the using the node's chain-sync mini-protocol.

> The chain-sync protocol essentially streams events to the client which have the following structure:

Reviewer: This is interesting, could you provide a link to the documentation of this protocol?

Author: Added the following note:

"
   For an overview on the different Cardano node mini-protocols, see this `Cardano Docs page <https://docs.cardano.org/explore-cardano/cardano-network/networking-protocol/>`. For a more in-depth explanation, read the `Ouroboros network specification <https://input-output-hk.github.io/ouroboros-network/pdfs/network-spec/network-spec.pdf>`_.
"

.. code-block:: haskell

  data ChainSyncEvent a
    = RollForward a C.ChainTip
    | RollBackward C.ChainPoint C.ChainTip
    deriving (Show, Functor, Generic)

where ``a`` can be anything including a block.

Now, let's assume that we want to run multiple indexers that process inputs at the same rate, and that a subset of indexers are queryable from the a client application.
Running multiple indexers that process inputs at the same rate are managed by a ``Coordinator``.
The runtime view would look like:

> .. uml::

Reviewer: Hmm, I think this part is missing from the webpage, at least for my local website. Could you double-check that it is appearing for you?

Author: It's working for me. I maybe forced push a fix without realizing that it was broken.

Reviewer: Hmm, it's supposed to render a diagram, right? I still can't see it, but it must be something wrong with my settings

      Component(coordinator, "Coordinator", "Haskell component", "Combines multiple indexers so that they can process inputs at the same rate")
      Component(indexerA, "Indexer A", "Haskell component")
      Component(indexerB, "Indexer B", "Haskell component")
      Component(indexerC, "Indexer C", "Haskell component")
      Component(indexerD, "Read-only indexer D", "Haskell component", "Read-only indexer which doesn't store anything, but aggregates results of multiple indexers.")
    }

    Rel(datasource, sourceReader, "sends some input data")
    Rel(sourceReader, coordinator, "sends input")
    Rel(coordinator, indexerA, "forwards input")
    Rel(coordinator, indexerB, "forwards input")
    Rel(coordinator, indexerC, "forwards input")
    Rel(indexerD, indexerA, "queries")
    Rel(indexerD, indexerB, "queries")

    Rel(dApp, indexerC, "queries")
    Rel(dApp, indexerD, "queries")

In this view, we show that the ``Coordinator`` can combine multiple indexers.
The ``Coordinator``'s role is to foward the incoming inputs to each of the indexer and make sure each indexer has processed the input before moving to the next one.

> Additionnaly, some indexer can be "read-only" as they won't index any information, but can provide queries that aggregate the query results of other indexers.

Reviewer: Typos?
```suggestion
Additionally, some indexers can be "read-only" as they won't index any information, but can provide queries that aggregate the query results of other indexers.
```

Hmm, I don't understand the connection of an indexer being "read-only" and not indexing information. What I mean is, doesn't indexing mean by definition mean _reading_ some information and processing it?

Author: Good point. I removed the term "read-only" and replaced it with a `QueryAggregate` component.

User indexer querying view
--------------------------

In this section, we'll show the querying runtime view of a Marconi application which contains at least one indexer.
The Marconi indexer querying is typically done in a separate thread from the indexing itself.
We're assuming that the indexers have fully consumed the input stream and are ready to be queried.

.. note::

>    Although you can start querying the indexer even if it did not *fully* consumed the input stream.
>    The only issue is that the user will get out of date information when compared the actual tip of the local node.

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase this a bit?
```suggestion
   You can start querying the indexer even if it did not *fully* consume the input stream.
   However, you will get out of date information until it has synced with the actual current tip of the local node.
```

> .. uml::

Reviewer: Hmm, I think this part is missing from the webpage, at least for my local website. Could you double-check that it is appearing for you?

      Component(indexerA, "Indexer A", "Haskell component")
      Component(indexerB, "Indexer B", "Haskell component")
      Component(indexerC, "Indexer C", "Haskell component")
      Component(queryAggregateD, "Read-only indexer D", "Haskell component", "Read-only indexer which doesn't store anything, but aggregates results of multiple indexers.")
    }

    Rel(datasource, sourceReader, "sends some input data")
    Rel(sourceReader, coordinator, "sends input")
    Rel(coordinator, indexerA, "forwards input")
    Rel(coordinator, indexerB, "forwards input")
    Rel(coordinator, indexerC, "forwards input")
    Rel(queryAggregateD, indexerA, "queries")
    Rel(queryAggregateD, indexerB, "queries")

    Rel(dApp, indexerC, "queries")
    Rel(dApp, queryAggregateD, "queries")

In this view, we show that the ``Coordinator`` can combine multiple indexers.
The ``Coordinator``'s role is to forward the incoming inputs to each of the indexer and make sure each indexer has processed the input before moving to the next one.

Then, we have the querying part.
Each indexer actually defines two things:

* how to index the given input
* how to query the indexed information

> Therefore, dApps will simply interact directly with the indexers when needing to query some information.

Reviewer 2: It doesn't include the need for an `MVar` here. Do we want to exclude it from the explanations to keep them simpler?

Author: Good point. I added a note explaining how the `MVar` integrates the query and indexing thread together.
